--- Page 1 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
THE COMPANIES ACT, 1994
(ACT XVIII OF 1994)
A                                     LIMITED BY SHARESPRIVATE COMPANY
MEMORANDUM 
&
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
OF
AVENUE CONSTRUCTIONS
LTD.
Issue No. 453716 Date: 05/09/2024
--- Page 2 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
THE COMPANIES ACT, 1994
(ACT XVIII OF 1994)
PRIVATE COMPANY
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION
OF
AVENUE CONSTRUCTIONS LTD.
I. The name of the company is AVENUE CONSTRUCTIONS LTD.
II. The registered office of the company shall be situated in Bangladesh
III. The objects for which the company is established are all or any of the following (all
objects will be implemented after obtaining necessary permission from the
Government/concerned authority/competent authority before commencement of the
business):
To carry on the business of real estate, housing and apartment and carry on the
business of buyer, seller of flats, plot, apartment, buildings rooms, huts and to
undertake construction of Super market, Shopping centre, shopping complex,
community centre¿s and to arrange for sale or let out of those to general public or
to hold it for their management and by planting, paving, drawing, forming,
cultivation, letting on building, lease or building agreement and by advancing money
to and entering into contacts arrangements of all kinds with builders, tenants and
others. To build and let house, super market, mansion, shops, offices, show rooms
and other places of residence or business, to fit up the same and to erect and
maintain warehouses, godowns and other buildings.
To do and carry on the business of development of multi-storied building and
apartments and sell and dispose of the said buildings and apartments and business
of builder, engineers, architects and contractors and to build townships, gardens,
markets, housing estates or other buildings or conveniences, drainage facilities,
utility services electricity, water supply, sewerage installations and to deal with the
same in any manner.
To carry on the business of Real Estate by acquiring land and constructing modern
Apartments and selling thereof. To carry on the business of Housing Apartment
project housing facilities by purchasing land or disposing/sale and by way of joint
venture with the land owner. To carry on the business as developer of Land and
constructor of building both residential and commercial either alone or joint
venture. To carry on the business of being middleman regarding sales and purchase
of land and building for the interest of the Company.
To carry on the business of General Trading, Export and Import of all commercial
permissible items, Dealers, indenters, Brochure, Manufacturing, contractor, general
supplier, buying and selling agent, wholesale and distributors dealers, carrying of all
and even/king of general and special products, goods, substance and materials. To
import machineries, raw materials, spare parts of all sorts required for the factory
and purpose of building construction & related with this business.
To carry and establish a Readymade Garments Factory for the purpose of
manufacturing various types of garments products, trousers, shirts, children wear,
male/female wear of standard sizes and quality made cotton, tetron, nylon, silk,
artificial silk, jeans, synthetic fabrics, wool acrylic and also to buy, sell, import,
export and otherwise deal in all sorts of yarn, fabrics and products and by products
thereof. To produce various types of readymade Garments viz embroidery men¿s
shirt, trousers, baby dresses, jeans pant and shirts, sports dresses, women¿s
dresses, Blouses & frock, T-shirt, tan top of international standard and designs of
export oriented or any other readymade garments.
To carry on all or any of the business of dressmakers, designers tailors, clothing,
outfitters, glover dealer in readymade garments, cotton, nylon, artificial silk, woolen
goods, jumper and knitting of all shorts.
To set-up establish and maintain industries for manufacturing of steam boiler, stem
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
A                                            LIMITED BY SHARES

--- Page 3 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
iron, steam roller, vacuuming table, water softener, thread sucking machine, thread
rewinding machine, aluminum, M.S.sheet & S.S sheet, perforated and plain praline,
ceiling unit, tee bar, angel, zed and U sections and all sorts of aluminum/MS/SS
fitting of road transport, rail coach, textile sections and air condition grills &
diffusers fabricator. To carry on business of Steel/SS door, window and pipe line
installation. To carry on the business of acoustical works, consultants, Armstrong
and allied types of metal suspension system of false ceiling and interior decoration.
To carry on the business of producer & manufacture all sorts of aluminum/Steel
furniture, anodizing, elector-galvanizing and all kinds of nickel works. 
To attain the business objectives company may enter into Partnership, Joint-
venture, take over or Amalgamate with any other company and also to take Loans
from Bank/other Financial Institutions  in such a manner as may company thinks fit.
To mortgage the property and assets of the company as securities for loans and/or
any credit facilities to be given to any associate company or companies or third
party and also to give guarantee securing liabilities of such associate company or
companies and/or third party.
8
9
IV. The liability of the members of the company is limited by shares
The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is TK. 10000000 ( One Crore  ) divided
into 100000 ( One Lac  ) Ordinary Shares of TK 100 ( One Hundred  ) each with power
to increase or reduce the capital and to divide the shares into different classes and to
attach thereto any special right or privileges or conditions as regards dividends,
repayment of capital, voting or otherwise or to consolidate or sub-divide the shares.
V. 

--- Page 4 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
We, the several persons, whose names addresses are subscribed below are desirous of
being formed into a company in accordance with this Memorandum of Association and
we respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital of the company set
opposite to our respective names. 
Name : Mst. Sayedatunnahar
Name : Md. Golam Rosul
Father's Name : Late Moshiur Rahman
(Mahabubur Rahman)
Mother's Name : Mst. Meherunahar
Address : 47, Flat No. 8-B (8th floor), Purana
Paltan, Dhaka-1000., Dhaka
Date of Birth : 06-JUN-82
E-mail : sayedatun1982@gmail.com
Phone : 01728753027
TIN : 391026888762
NID/Passport No. : 1020167183
Nationality : Bangladeshi
Father's Name : Md. Dalil Uddin
Mother's Name : Mrs. Jahanara Begum
Address : 47, Flat No. 8-B (8th floor), Purana
Paltan, Dhaka-1000., Dhaka
Date of Birth : 01-MAR-84
E-mail : grshanto@gmail.com
Phone : 01714767246
TIN : 728597984337
NID/Passport No. : 19844414267630083
Nationality : Bangladeshi
Chairman
Managing
Director
10000
( Ten
Thousand
shares)
10000
( Ten
Thousand
shares)
1
2
sd/-
sd/-
Name  Position No. of
Shares
Taken
SL
No.
Signature
of
subscribers
Witness 1 Witness 2
Name   :
Address:
Md. Ashikur Rahman Md. Sohanur Rahman
51,51/A,Purana Paltan Dhaka-1000
Phone  : 01842944422
NID    : 4662502840
51, 51/A,Purana Paltan, Dhaka-1000
01796479517
9156346729
Phone  :
NID    :
Name   :
Address:

--- Page 5 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
THE COMPANIES ACT, 1994
(ACT XVIII OF 1994)
PRIVATE COMPANY
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
OF
AVENUE CONSTRUCTIONS LTD.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
The Regulations contained in the schedule-1 of the companies Act , 1994 shall apply
to this company with respect to such provisions as are applicable to a Private
Limited Company , so far only as they are not negative or modified by or are not
contained in the following articles or any other articles that may from time to time
be framed by the company. 
In construing of these Articles unless there shall be something repugnant in the
subject or context inconsistent there with :-
a. "Act" means the Companies Act, XVIII of 1994.    
b. "Company" means the  AVENUE CONSTRUCTIONS LTD. 
c. "Office" means the Registered Office of the Company for the time being. 
d. "Year" means the English Calendar year as followed by the Company. 
e. "Month" means the calendar month according to the English Calendar year.
f. ¿Chairman¿ means the chairman of the Company for the time being
elected/appointed.
g. ¿Managing Director¿ means the Managing Director of the Company for the time
being elected/appointed.
h. "Directors" means the Board of Directors of the Company for the time being. 
i. "Board" or "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the Company for
the time being. 
j. "Member" means the legal owner the share name where of being appeared in the
Members register.
The Company is a Private Limited Company within the meaning of section 2(1) under
clause (Q) of the companies Act,1994 and accordingly the following shall apply:-
  a. No invitation shall be issued to the public to subscribe for any share, debenture
of the company;
  b. The number of members of the Company (exclusive of the persons in the
employment of the company) shall be limited to fifty; and
  c. The right to transfer shares of the company is restricted in the manner and to
the extent hereinafter provided.
The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is TK. 10000000 ( One Crore  ) divided
into 100000 ( One Lac  ) Ordinary Shares of TK 100 ( One Hundred  ) each with
power to increase or reduce the same value of its shares. Subject to the provisions
of the Articles, the share shall be under the control of the directors who may allot
or otherwise dispose of the same.
PRELIMINARY
INTERPRETATION
PRIVATE COMPANY
SHARE CAPITAL
A                                          LIMITED BY SHARES

--- Page 6 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
The business of the company shall include all or any of the several objects
expressed in the Memorandum of Association. The company shall be entitled to
commence business from the date of incorporation.
The certificate of title to share and duplicate thereof whenever necessary shall be
issued to the members of the company and shall be signed by the Chairman and
Managing Director of the company.

If any share certificate is defaced, worn out, destroyed or lost, it may be re-issued
on such evidence being produced and such indemnity (if any) being given as the
Directors require and (in case of defacement or wearing out) on delivering of the old
certificate and on payment of such sum not exceeding Tk.10.00 as the Directors
may from time to time require.
The company shall have a paramount lien on every share (not being a fully paid
share) for all moneys called or payable at a fixed time in respect of that share, and
the company shall also have a paramount lien on all shares (other than fully paid
shares) standing  registered in the name of a single person for all moneys presently
payable by him or his share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this
clause the company¿s lien, on a share shall extend to all dividends payable thereof.
The Company may sell, in such manner as the Director thinks fit, any share on which
the Company has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless such sum in respect of
which the lien exists in presently payable and  until the expiration of fourteen days
after a notice in writing stating and demanding payment of such part of the amount
in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, has been given to the
registered holder for the time being of the share, or the person entitled by reason of
death or insolvency to the Share.
The proceeds of the sale shall be applied in payment of such part of the amount in
respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue shall
(subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable presently payable as existed
upon the share prior to the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the
date of the sale. The purchaser shall not be bound to see to the application of the
purchase money, nor shall his title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or
invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the sale. 
The Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Members in respect of any
moneys unpaid on their shares, and each member shall (subject to receiving at least
fourteen days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the company
at the time or times so specified the amount called on his shares.  
No transfer of any share shall be made or registered without the approval of the
Board of Directors who may without assigning any reason decline to give any such
approval and shall decline any transfer involving contravention of clause 3(b) of
these articles. No share shall be transferred to any outsiders as long as any existing
member is willing to purchase the same at a fair value to be determined by the
Directors in a Board Meeting. 
BUSINESS
SHARE CERTIFICATE
LIEN
TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

--- Page 7 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
The certificate of shares shall accompany the Instrument of Transfer of shares for
transfer of shares previously approved by the Board of Directors. In the case of
death of a member, the survivor where the deceased was a joint holder, and the
legal personal representative of the deceased where he was a sole holder, shall be
the only persons recognized by the company as having any title to his interest in
the shares, but this Articles does not release the estate of a deceased sole/joint
holder from any liability in respect of the said share.
The Directors may, with the sanction of the company in General Meeting increase
the share capital such sum, to be divided into shares of such amount, as the
resolution shall prescribe. The company may be special resolution, reduce its shares
capital in any manner and with and subject to any incident authorized and consent
required by law. 
The Managing Director may from time to time with the approval of the Board of
Directors may borrow from any source either from any commercial or schedule
banks, or financing institutions or firms any sum of money required for the purpose
of the company and secure the payment or repayment of such money so borrowed
in such manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects duly approved by
the Board of Directors deemed fit in particular by hypothecation or charge on all or
any part of the property of the company (both present and future) including its
uncalled capital for the time being.
The general meeting of the company shall be held within 18 (eighteen) months from
the date of incorporation of the company and thereafter once in every calendar
year (not being more than fifteen months after holding of the last preceding general
meeting) at such time and place as may be decided by the Directors of the
company. The above mentioned general meeting shall be called "ORDINARY GENERAL
MEETING" and all other general meeting of the company shall be called "EXTRA-
ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING".
The Directors may at any time call an extra-ordinary general meeting and an extra-
ordinary general meeting may also be called on requisition made by the shareholders
in accordance with the provisions of section 84 of the companies Act 1994.
Subject to the provision of section 87(2) of the Companies Act, relating to special
resolutions at least fourteen days notice specifying the place, the day and the hour
of the general meeting and in case of special business, the general nature of such
business, shall be given to the members in such manner as may be prescribed by the
company in a general meeting, but accidental omission to give such notice, to or
non-receipt of such notice by any member shall not invalidate the proceedings of
the general meeting. A general meeting may, with the consent in writing of all the
member be convened by a shorter notice and in any manner they think suitable.
  No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless the quorum of
members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to transact business. 02
(Two) members personally present shall form the quorum of any general meeting.
No member shall be entitled to vote unless all installments or calls or other sum or
ALTERATION OF CAPITAL
BORROWING POWERS
GENERAL MEETING
PROCEEDING AT GENERAL MEETING
VOTE OF MEMBERS

--- Page 8 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
sums presently payable by him, in respect of his holding of shares in the company
has been paid.
Unless Otherwise determined by the company in general meeting the number of
directors shall not be less than 2( Two )  and not more than 50( Fifty ).The
following persons shall be the first directors of the company unless anyone of them
voluntarily resigns the said office or otherwise removed therefrom under the
provisions of section 108(1) of the companies Act, 1994.
1. Mst. Sayedatunnahar
2. Md. Golam Rosul
The qualification of a Director shall be holding of share of 10,000 (Ten Thusand)
ordinary shares of Tk.100/- each in the Share Capital of the Company in his/her own
name alone and not jointly with any others.
  The remuneration of a Director shall not exceed Tk.500/- (Taka five hundred) will
be 1000 each for meeting of the Directors attended by him together with such
traveling and other expenses as may be incurred for attending the meeting.
If any Director be called upon to perform any extra service or to make any special
exertion for the Company, the Directors so doing may be remunerated either by a
fixed sum or by a percentage on the profit of the Company as may be decided by
the Company in General Meeting.
 Every Director shall vacate his office in the event of:
  a) He is failing to obtain the qualifying share.
  b) He becoming bankrupt or insolvent or on becoming unsound mind.
  c) He resigning from the office by giving notice in writing to the company.
  d) And if he acts in contravention of the section 86(f) of the Companies Act 1994
A resolution or circular in writing signed by all the Directors shall be as valid and
effectual as if it has been passed at a meeting by the Board of Directors duly called
and constituted. The Chairman of the company may at any time convene a meeting
of the Board of the Directors but when any other Director to convene a meeting of
the Board of Directors he or she shall give notice of its or of her intention to the
Chairman who shall proceed to convene the meeting within two weeks of such
notice.
The Management and control of the business of the company shall be vested in the
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time and from
time to time to appoint any other person to be a Director of the company either to
fill up a casual vacancy or an addition to the Board by Co-option so that the total
number of Directors shall not be any time exceed the maximum number of Directors
fixed by the company. 
The management of the business of the Company shall be in the hands of the Board
DIRECTORS
PROCEEDING OF DIRECTORS
POWER OF DIRECTORS

--- Page 9 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
26.
27.
28.
29.
of Directors who may pay such expenses of any preliminary and incidental to the
promotion, establishment and registration of the Company and do such acts as may
be exercised and done by the Company as are not forbidden by the state or by this
Articles required to be exercised or done by the Company in general meeting,
subject nevertheless, to any regulation to be inconsistent with the aforesaid
regulations or provisions as may be prescribed by the Company in General Meetings,
which shall be valid and effectual. 
  Each Director shall be responsible for proper discharge of the Company¿s business
that may be entrusted to him/her by the Board.
In provision of Section 108 (1) and 94 (1) of the Companies Act. 1994, the office of
the Directors shall be vacated if he/ she. 
I. Fails to obtain within the time specified in provision of Section 97 (1) of the
Companies Act. 1994 or any time thereafter ceases to hold the share qualification
necessary for his / her appointment, or He/ she is found to be a person of unsound
mind by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Mst. Sayedatunnahar shall be the First Chairman of the Company from the date of
Incorporation. He shall be entitled to remain and continue the said office for a period
of 15 (Fifteen) years or he resigns voluntarily or disqualified under the provision of
the Company Act.1994 or  until otherwise determined by the Company¿s Board
meeting or extra ordinary general meeting. The Chairman shall be the head of the
company and he shall be responsible to the Board and will carry out such functions
as delegated by the Board. The chairman may nominate any Director of the Board to
act on his behalf during his absence for a period not exceeding three months. The
chairman will preside over the Board and Annual General Meeting of the company
and he will have preserved the casting vote if the Directors divide into their opinion
or at the time of taking decision.
Md. Golam Rosul shall be the first Managing Director of the Company from the date
of Incorporation. He shall be entitled to remain and continue the said office for a
period of 15 (Fifteen) years or he resigns voluntarily or disqualified under the
provision of the Company Act.1994 or until otherwise determined by the Company¿s
Board meeting or extra ordinary general meeting. His remuneration shall be fixed by
the general Meeting. 
 Without prejudice to the general power as stated above the Managing Director shall
exercise the following powers with the approval of the board of Directors: 
a) To purchase or otherwise acquire for the company, property, right or privileges
which the company is authorized to acquire at such prices and generally in such
terms and conditions as he thinks fit but passed by board resolution.
b) To make, draw, endorse, sign, negotiate and give all cheques, bill for lading,
orders and promissory notes and negotiable instrument required in the business of
the company and may also sign and give all effectual receipts and discharge for
money payable to the company and for the claims and demands for the company
pursuant to clause 37b(i) and 37b(ii). 
c) To sign documents for and on behalf of the Company or to delegate the power to
any Director, officer person or attorney and subject to approval of the Board to give
general power of attorney on behalf of the Company.
d) To purchase, sell, left out or exchange or otherwise dispose of absolutely or
conditionally and property asset of the Company for the purpose of the Company,
DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
CHAIRMAN
MANAGING DIRECTOR

--- Page 10 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.
e) To secure the fulfillment of any contracts or engagement entered into by
mortgage or charge of all or any of the property of the company and its unpaid
and/or uncalled capital for the time being or in such other manner as he think fit but
passed by board resolution. 
f) To appoint, remove or suspend such secretaries, officers, clerks, assistants,
employees, technicians and other servants or permanent, temporary or special
services as they may from time to time think fit and to determine their duties and fit
their salaries or emoluments to require security in such instances and to such
amount as he thinks fit and to promote, transfer or re-designate any employee.
g)  To institute, conduct, defend, compound or abandon any legal proceeding
against the company or its officers or otherwise concerning the affairs of the
company and also to compound and allow time for payment or satisfaction of any
debts due to and of any claims or demands by or against the company.
h) To refer any claims or demands by or against the company to arbitrations and
observe and perform the awards; 
i) To insure all such property movable or immovable goods belonging to the
company, which may be of an insurable nature against such Hicks and contingencies
as they may deem, fit.
j) To invest the moneys of the company not immediately required for the purpose
thereof upon such securities (not being shares in this company) and in such manner
as he may think fit and from time to time van/ or realize such investments with the
approval of the board.
k) From time to time make, vary and repeal by-laws for the regulation of the
business of the company and its offers and servants.
l) To enter into all such negotiations contracts and rescind and vary all such
contracts and execute and do all such acts, deeds and things in the name and on
behalf of the company as he may consider expedient for the purpose of the business
of the company. 
m) To delegate all or any of the powers therein contained to any person or persons
by an appropriate power of attorney or otherwise for exercise of all or all or any of
this powers as he may deem fit and proper and to revoke the same at his pleasure
with the approval of the board.
The company shall open Bank Account(s) with any schedule Bank in Bangladesh and
abroad and shall be operated the same by the Joint Signature of the Chairman &
Managing Director or as per decision by the Board of Directors of the company.
When a notice is sent by post, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by properly addressing, preparing and posting a letter containing the notice and
unless the contrary is proved, to have been effected at the time at which the letter
would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. Al notice may be given either
personally or by advertisement or by sending it by post to his registered address. 
BANK ACCOUNT
NOTICE

--- Page 11 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
The Directors shall cause to be kept proper books of account with respect to:-
a) All sums received and spent by the Company. 
b) All sales and purchases of goods and services by the Company. 
c) The assets and liabilities of Company. 
d) The books of account shall be kept at the registered office of the Company or at
such place as the Directors shall think suitable and shall be open to inspection by
the Directors during business hours. 
e) Once at least every year the accounts of the Company shall be examined and
the correctness of the profit and loss account and balance sheet ascertained by
one or more Auditors appointed for the purpose and the provision of section 210 to
213 of the companies Act 1994. The company in general meeting shall fix the
remuneration of the auditors except that they fix the remuneration of any auditor
appointed by the Board of Directors.
The Managing Director and Directors, Officer, Servant shall be indemnity by the
Company for all losses and expenditure incurred by him or them respectively in or
about the discharge of their duty except their willful Act, neglect or default and
shall be the duty of the directors to pay out of the fund of the company in cash all
losses and expenses which the Managing Director or any other directors, officers or
servants may in any way incur in the discharge of his or their duties and the amount
for which indemnity is provided shall immediately attach a lien on the property of the
company and have priority over all claims.
These articles may be amended modified repeated and three- Six majority of the
members present and voting on a special resolution for the purpose at an
Extraordinary General Meeting of the members, provided that a notice in writing
specifying the intention to propose the resolution of the company at least twenty
one days prior to the meeting. 
Every Director, manager, Auditor, trustee, officer, servant, agent, accounts or other
person employed in the business of the company shall, if so required by the Board
before entering upon his duties, sign a declaration pledging himself to observe strict
secrecy respecting all transactions of the company with the customers and the
state of account with individuals.  
If and whenever any difference shall raise between the Company and any of the
members of their representative touching the construction of any of the Article
herein contained or any Act. matter or thing mad, done or omitted in regard to the
rights and liabilities arising hereunder or arising out of the regulation existing
between the parties by reasons of these presents or of the statutes or any of
them, such difference shall be forthwith referred to two Arbitrators, one to be
appointed by each party and difference to an Umpire to be chosen by the
Arbitrators before entering on the consideration in accordance with the provisions of
the Arbitration Act, 2001.
In case of the wound up of the company, the surplus assets shall (subject to any
rights attached to special class of shares forming part of the share capital for the
time being of the company) be applied first in the payment of the capital paid up on
the ordinary shares and the excess (if any) shall be distributed among the members
holding ordinary share in proportion of the member of ordinary shares held by them
ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT
INDEMNITY
AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES
SECRECY
ARBITRATION
WINDING UP

--- Page 12 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
respectively at the commencement of the winding up.

--- Page 13 ---
This document is digitally signed. Please find the soft copy to verify the signature.
We, the several persons, whose names addresses are subscribed below are desirous of
being formed into a company in accordance with this Articles of Association and we
respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital of the company set
opposite to our respective names.
Name : Mst. Sayedatunnahar
Name : Md. Golam Rosul
Father's Name : Late Moshiur Rahman
(Mahabubur Rahman)
Mother's Name : Mst. Meherunahar
Address : 47, Flat No. 8-B (8th floor), Purana
Paltan, Dhaka-1000., Dhaka
Date of Birth : 06-JUN-82
E-mail : sayedatun1982@gmail.com
Phone : 01728753027
TIN : 391026888762
NID/Passport No. : 1020167183
Nationality : Bangladeshi
Father's Name : Md. Dalil Uddin
Mother's Name : Mrs. Jahanara Begum
Address : 47, Flat No. 8-B (8th floor), Purana
Paltan, Dhaka-1000., Dhaka
Date of Birth : 01-MAR-84
E-mail : grshanto@gmail.com
Phone : 01714767246
TIN : 728597984337
NID/Passport No. : 19844414267630083
Nationality : Bangladeshi
Chairman
Managing
Director
10000
( Ten
Thousand
 shares)
10000
( Ten
Thousand
 shares)
1
2
sd/-
sd/-
Name  Position No. of
Shares
Taken
SL
No.
Signature
of
subscribers
Witness 1 Witness 2
Name   :
Address:
Md. Ashikur Rahman Name   : Md. Sohanur Rahman
51,51/A,Purana Paltan Dhaka-
1000
Phone  :
NID    :
01842944422
4662502840
Address: 51, 51/A,Purana Paltan, Dhaka-1000
01796479517
NID    : 9156346729Phone  :

